Elevator Algorithm
1. approach elevator door
2. if number of desired floor is greater than number of current floor, push top button
3. if number of desired floor is lesser than number of current floor, push bottom button.
4.  when elevator doors open, enter elevator until entirely inside and turn around. 
5. after elevator doors close, push button with number that matches desired floor.
6.  exit elevator only when door opens on floor whose number matches desired floor. 

Brush Teeth Algorithm
1. Turn handle on sink by rotating handle to right of sink to the left until water flows from faucet.
2. Pick up toothbrush handle and hold bristle under running water for 5 seconds. 
3. Turn sink handle to the right until water stops.
4. pick up toothpaste and remove cap.
5. squeeze center of toothpaste until 1 inch of paste rests on bristles of toothbrush. 
6. cap toothpaste and place on sink counter.  
7. insert toothbrush bristle and paste into mouth until makes contact with teeth.  
8. move toothbrush along top teeth from front tooth to back top left. 
9. when reach last left top tooth, move toothbrush along teeth back to front.
10. when reach front teeth, move toothbrush alongside teeth to back left tooth. 
11. continue for 30 seconds.
12. move toothbrush along bottom teeth from front teeth to bottom back left.
13. when reach back tooth, move toothbrush along teeth back to front.
14. when reach front of mouth, move toothbrush alongside teeth to back left tooth.
15. continue for 30 seconds. 
16. move toothbrush along top teeth from front tooth to top back right.
17. when reach back tooth, move toothbrush along teeth back to front.
18. when reach front of of mouth, move toothbrush alongside teeth to back left tooth.
19. continue for 30 seconds. 
20. move toothbrush along bottom teeth from front tooth to bottom back right.
21. when reach back tooth, move toothbrush along teeth back to front.
22. when reach front of of mouth, move toothbrush alongside teeth to back right tooth.
23. continue for 30 seconds. 
24. remove toothbrush from mouth.
25. turn right handle on sink to the left until water runs.
26. hold bristle under water for 5 seconds.
27. place toothbrush on sink.
28. fill cup with 10ml of water.
29. transfer water from cup to mouth and close mouth.
30. move bottom jaw back and forth one inch for 10 seconds.
31. open mouth over sink and spit water into sink.
32. when mouth is empty, turn sink handle to the right until water stops.
33. use towel to remove remaining toothpaste and water from lips.

